# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

#### Public Classes

* [`freeradius`](#freeradius): Manage FreeRADIUS

#### Private Classes

* `freeradius::config`: Manage FreeRADIUS configuration.
* `freeradius::install`: Install the FreeRADIUS packages.
* `freeradius::service`: Manage the FreeRADIUS service

### Defined types

* [`freeradius::client`](#freeradius--client): A short summary of the purpose of this defined type.
* [`freeradius::user`](#freeradius--user): Manage freeradius users

## Classes

### <a name="freeradius"></a>`freeradius`

This module manages the FreeRADIUS package, service, and a tiny bit
of configuration.

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include freeradius
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `freeradius` class:

* [`users`](#-freeradius--users)
* [`packages`](#-freeradius--packages)
* [`service`](#-freeradius--service)
* [`config_owner`](#-freeradius--config_owner)
* [`config_group`](#-freeradius--config_group)
* [`config_mode`](#-freeradius--config_mode)
* [`config_dir`](#-freeradius--config_dir)
* [`clients`](#-freeradius--clients)

##### <a name="-freeradius--users"></a>`users`

Data type: `Hash`

A hash of concat::fragment resources used for building the
conf-module/files/authorize file containing users. The "target" is
set, you should provide "content" or "source", as well as "order".

Default value: `{}`

##### <a name="-freeradius--packages"></a>`packages`

Data type: `Array[String]`

The list of packages to install. Defaults from module data to
match OS family.

##### <a name="-freeradius--service"></a>`service`

Data type: `String`

The service to manage. Defaults from module data to match OS
family.

##### <a name="-freeradius--config_owner"></a>`config_owner`

Data type: `String`

The user owning the configuration file. Defaults from module data
to match OS family.

##### <a name="-freeradius--config_group"></a>`config_group`

Data type: `String`

The group owning the configuration file. Defaults from module data
to match OS family.

##### <a name="-freeradius--config_mode"></a>`config_mode`

Data type: `String`

The permissions on the configuration files. Defaults from module
data to match OS family.

##### <a name="-freeradius--config_dir"></a>`config_dir`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

The root of the configuration directory. Defaults from module
data to match OS family.

##### <a name="-freeradius--clients"></a>`clients`

Data type: `Hash`



Default value: `{}`

## Defined types

### <a name="freeradius--client"></a>`freeradius::client`

A description of what this defined type does

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
freeradius::client { 'box':
  attributes => {
    ipaddr => '2001:db8::/64',
    secret => 'changeme',
  }
}
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `freeradius::client` defined type:

* [`client`](#-freeradius--client--client)
* [`attributes`](#-freeradius--client--attributes)

##### <a name="-freeradius--client--client"></a>`client`

Data type: `String`

The name of the client definition

Default value: `$title`

##### <a name="-freeradius--client--attributes"></a>`attributes`

Data type: `Hash[String, String]`

Client attributes. See
https://freeradius.org/radiusd/man/clients.conf.html for
documentation.

Default value: `{}`

### <a name="freeradius--user"></a>`freeradius::user`

Manage freeradius users. This creates a fragment added to the
authorize file.

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
freeradius::user { 'bob':
  content => "\"bob\" Cleartext-Password == \"changeme\"\n"
}
freeradius::user { 'DEFAULT':
  order   => 01,
  content => "\"bob\" Cleartext-Password == \"changeme\"\n",
}
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `freeradius::user` defined type:

* [`order`](#-freeradius--user--order)
* [`content`](#-freeradius--user--content)
* [`user`](#-freeradius--user--user)

##### <a name="-freeradius--user--order"></a>`order`

Data type: `Optional[Variant[String,Integer]]`

Optional parameter for concat::fragment.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-freeradius--user--content"></a>`content`

Data type: `String`

Text content for the user definition. See
https://freeradius.org/radiusd/man/users.txt for format
documentation.

##### <a name="-freeradius--user--user"></a>`user`

Data type: `String`



Default value: `$title`

